Unconfined drawdown can pass through aquifer-storage, gravity-drainage, and combined-release regimes.
Capillary force retains pore water above the falling water table, so drainage is not instantaneous.
Assuming instantaneous drainage can distort the specific yield inferred from a pumping test.
The analysis begins with axisymmetric radial-vertical flow in a homogeneous anisotropic aquifer.
The pumping rate is partitioned between aquifer inflow and water released from casing storage.
Equation 7b assigns separate response times to vertical flux and drawdown at the free surface.
The two time shifts are represented by a first-order Taylor expansion.
Substitution into free-surface mass balance gives Equation 9, which returns to Neuman when both lag times vanish.
Dimensionless variables retain aquifer anisotropy, well geometry, and both lag parameters.
The Laplace transform moves the time derivatives into the transform parameter.
The Weber transform resolves the finite-radius radial boundary.
Inverse Weber integration restores radial position in the Laplace domain.
Crump inversion returns the transient drawdown hydrograph in physical time.
The reported sensitivity analysis ranks the drawdown lag above the flux lag.
Cape Cod fits give specific-yield estimates of 0.20, 0.16, 0.18, and 0.18.
Borden fits give 0.12, 0.20, 0.11, and 0.17, compared with the cited laboratory value of 0.30.
At Saint Pardon, the fitted lag pair changes between observation distances of 10 and 30 metres.
Across three field sites, the fitted lag times remain test- and site-conditioned rather than universal constants.